Task/143 tests and docs chrome extension (#159)
HANICA-DWA/sep2021-project-opossum: wcag-tool/chrome-extension/README.md

Use the following command to enable hot reloading  
`npm run dev`

## Single-file

> Building single-file. Use dev command to build with watch.

Author: ```suggestion
Build single-file. Use dev command to build with watch.
Single-file is used to create snapshots of pages.
```
